This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility. To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press "shift + =". Some assistive technologies may require the use of a passthrough function before this keystroke. For more information, activate the button labeled "Explore your accessibility options".

Skip to Main Content

Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

Website Sign In
GOVERNMENT
DEPARTMENTS
BUSINESS
COMMUNITY
HOW DO I...?
Search
HomeGovernmentBoards & CommitteesBeautification / Tree Advisory BoardLaurel Wilt Disease
LAUREL WILT DISEASE
Disease Affect

Laurel wilt is a deadly disease of the redbay, avocado and other trees in the laurel family. The disease has caused widespread damage to redbay tree populations in South Carolina, Georgia and Florida. On Daytona Beach's beachside, laurel wilt has significantly affected redbay trees, which comprise 25% of the tree canopy.

The disease is triggered by a fungus that stops water flow causing the tree's leaves to droop and turn reddish or purplish. The leaves eventually turn brown and remain on the tree for up to a year or more.

There is no cure for laurel wilt.

How the Disease Spreads

The fungus is carried into healthy trees by a very small insect, the redbay ambrosia beetle. The non-native insect was first detected in Georgia in 2002 and probably arrived from Asia in infested solid wood-packing materials used to ship commercial goods.

Treatment Options

Experimental inoculations have had some success in providing trees immunity against the fungus, provided the treatment is done well before the tree shows evidence of this plague. Please contact a licensed tree professional for treatment options.

Removing Affected Trees

If you have affected trees, they should be removed as soon as possible, because the fungus remains active for at least four months after collapse. To remove the diseased tree, please cut it into 4-foot sections and place curbside for pick-up. The city's waste hauler, WastePro, will collect the diseased trees along with other yard trash on Wednesdays. WastePro will deliver the yard trash to the Tomoka Landfill.

Depending on the amount of discarded wood, there may be a fee for hauling it to the landfill. For a cost estimate, please contact WastePro at (386) 788-8890.

Replacing Trees

It is important to replace lost trees. The two hardiest, storm-resistant varieties recommended for Daytona Beach's beachside and mainland are Live Oaks and Southern (Bull Bay) Magnolia. Norfolk Island pines (very salt tolerant) are also good choices for beachside locations.

More Information

For more information, please contact the University of Florida Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (IFAS) Volusia County extension office at (386) 257-6012 or visit their website.

Beautification Award Winners
Beautification Nominee Form
Laurel Wilt Disease
Tree City USA
JOBS
REPORT
A CONCERN
AGENDAS, MINUTES & ARCHIVED VIDEOS
PAY UTILITY BILL
ACTIVITY
REGISTRATION & FACILITY RENTALS
WATCH DBTV LIVE
NOTIFY ME
Contact Us
City Hall
301 S. Ridgewood Avenue
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Phone: 386-671-8400

Custodian of Public Records
Letitia LaMagna, City Clerk
301 S. Ridgewood Ave., Room 210
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Phone: 386-671-8023
Email the City Clerk

City Hall Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 5 PM

Permits & Licensing Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 4 PM

Utility Billing Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM

Quick Links
Beach Info
City Hall
Community Redevelopment Agency (CRA)
Employee Login
Police Reports
Public Records
Riverfront Shops of Daytona Beach
Visit Daytona
Helpful Links
Accessibility
Business Impact Estimates
Contact Us
Copyright Notices
Home
Site Map
Website Feedback
Government Websites by CivicPlus®