This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility. To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press "shift + =". Some assistive technologies may require the use of a passthrough function before this keystroke. For more information, activate the button labeled "Explore your accessibility options".

Skip to Main Content

Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

Website Sign In
GOVERNMENT
DEPARTMENTS
BUSINESS
COMMUNITY
HOW DO I...?
Search
HomeGovernmentBoards & CommitteesBeautification / Tree Advisory Board
BEAUTIFICATION / TREE ADVISORY BOARD
Overview

The Beautification and Tree Advisory Board (BTAB) of Daytona Beach is a volunteer board of citizens with a common goal to encourage and promote beautification of residential and commercial properties in our city.

Meetings
4 p.m.
First Tuesday of each month
Public Works Department
950 Bellevue Avenue
Main Conference Room.
Suite 500
Staff Liaison: Judy Gang, Public Works Administration, (386) 671-8554

Meetings are open to the public. We invite you to attend and share with us your ideas, concerns and suggestions about how we can work together to improve our city.

Agendas & Minutes

Agendas are available prior to the meetings.
Most Recent Agenda
 Opens a New Window. 
 | View All

Minutes are also available following approval.
Most Recent Minutes
 Opens a New Window. 
 | View All

Members:  CLICK HERE
Curb Appeal

Visually appealing landscaping and green, leafy trees enhance the eye appeal of residential and commercial properties and may even increase their market value. Ask any realtor - curb appeal can make or break a sale even before the buyer steps foot inside the property.

Whether you are in the market to sell or not, the BTAB encourages improving and upgrading the physical surroundings of your home or business. We encourage new commercial buildings and residential properties to exceed the minimum requirements for trees and landscaping regulated by the city building codes. Most especially, we encourage lush landscaping along the commercial corridors of our city and encourage residents and businesses to take pride in our hometown and maximize the abundance of natural beauty in our area. Plant a tree, repaint the house, plant a flower garden and spruce up the yard. All these things bring beauty and pride to our community.

We welcome you to contact us at (386) 671-8554 for information or to share your thoughts. Together we can make Daytona Beach beautiful.

Beautification Awards

Each month, the BTAB acknowledges a business and residential property owner who have beautified their property. We invite you to City Hall for a ceremony in your honor, and our beautification award sign will grace the recognized yard or business for the month. If you know someone deserving of this recognition, please give us a call at (386) 671-8554.

Beautification Award Winners
Beautification Nominee Form
Laurel Wilt Disease
Tree City USA
JOBS
REPORT
A CONCERN
AGENDAS, MINUTES & ARCHIVED VIDEOS
PAY UTILITY BILL
ACTIVITY
REGISTRATION & FACILITY RENTALS
WATCH DBTV LIVE
NOTIFY ME
Contact Us
City Hall
301 S. Ridgewood Avenue
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Phone: 386-671-8400

Custodian of Public Records
Letitia LaMagna, City Clerk
301 S. Ridgewood Ave., Room 210
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Phone: 386-671-8023
Email the City Clerk

City Hall Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 5 PM

Permits & Licensing Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 4 PM

Utility Billing Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM

Quick Links
Beach Info
City Hall
Community Redevelopment Agency (CRA)
Employee Login
Police Reports
Public Records
Riverfront Shops of Daytona Beach
Visit Daytona
Helpful Links
Accessibility
Business Impact Estimates
Contact Us
Copyright Notices
Home
Site Map
Website Feedback
Government Websites by CivicPlus®