Skip to Main Content

Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

Website Sign In
GOVERNMENT
DEPARTMENTS
BUSINESS
COMMUNITY
HOW DO I...?
Search
HomeGovernmentMayor's WelcomeMayor Derrick Henry's bio
MAYOR DERRICK HENRY'S BIO

Derrick L. Henry, a Daytona Beach native, is serving his fourth term as mayor of the City of Daytona Beach, after running unopposed in 2024. He is the city's 21st mayor since 1926, when the towns of Seabreeze, Daytona and Daytona Beach merged into one city. Mayor Henry is our community's second African American mayor. Mayor Henry's campaign platform was "Together we can do more," and his priorities are improving the quality of life for all residents, making the city friendlier to businesses, mentoring youth, upgrading the city's aged infrastructure, addressing homelessness and creating more affordable housing options.

Overall, under the direction of Mayor Henry's leadership, the city has enjoyed many positives since he first took office in 2012. The unemployment rate is down, property values have increased, many private investors have built transformative projects, minority hiring is up in City Hall and crime is down throughout the city. Furthermore, the population is surging, and commercial development is thriving as the city has been one of the nation's leading areas for job creation.

Prior to serving as the city's top elected official, Mayor Henry was a teacher, assistant principal and high school basketball coach at Mainland High School, where he was recognized as Volusia County's Social Studies "Teacher of the Year" in 1998-1999. He also served as the city's Zone 5 commissioner from 2009 to 2011.

In addition to fulfilling his duties as mayor, he remains a certified educator. He is the executive director for Step-by-Step Expressions, Inc., which offers exciting and innovative training sessions and engaging curriculum materials for teachers and students across the nation. A passionate motivational speaker, he has dedicated his life to empowering others and greatly enjoys presenting on a variety of life skills topics. He serves as an assistant principal for the Volusia County school system and proclaims "working with and on behalf of children as his greatest professional joy."

He is married to Dr. Stephanie Henry, an international education consultant and creator of learning programs. Mayor Henry has two sons, Michael and Derrick Jr. and a beautiful daughter named Paisley.

 Education: 
Westside Elementary in Daytona Beach
Mainland High School in Daytona Beach, where he served as class president in his junior and senior years.
Rollins College, graduating in 1991 with dual majors in philosophy and psychology.
Stetson University, graduating in 2004 with a master's degree in educational leadership.
Awards:
1998-1999 Volusia County Social Studies "Teacher of the Year"
Awarded the opportunity for his class to participate in a web chat with President Bill Clinton.
Coached three state championship basketball teams in 1995, 1996 and 1998
2012 Omicron Omicron Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. Elected Official of the year
2013 NAACP Volusia County Daytona Beach Branch Trailblazer Award
2016 Lifetime Achievement Award Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, inc. Gamma Mu Omega Chapter
2017 Volusia League of Cities Distinguished Service Award Elected Official of the year
2017 Volusia Literacy Council Career Distinction Award For Community Service
2017 Honorary Doctorate of Laws Bethune Cookman University
Founding member of the Minority Elected Officials of Volusia County
Chairman First Step Shelter Board
Board of Directors Mary McLeod Bethune Statuary Fund, Inc.
Contact Us
Derrick Henry
Mayor

City Hall
Physical Address
301 S. Ridgewood Ave.
Daytona Beach, FL 32114

Phone: (386) 671-8000

Directory

Mayor Derrick Henry's bio
JOBS
REPORT
A CONCERN
AGENDAS, MINUTES & ARCHIVED VIDEOS
PAY UTILITY BILL
ACTIVITY
REGISTRATION & FACILITY RENTALS
WATCH DBTV LIVE
NOTIFY ME
Contact Us
City Hall
301 S. Ridgewood Avenue
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Phone: 386-671-8400

Custodian of Public Records
Letitia LaMagna, City Clerk
301 S. Ridgewood Ave., Room 210
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Phone: 386-671-8023
Email the City Clerk

City Hall Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 5 PM

Permits & Licensing Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 4 PM

Utility Billing Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM

Quick Links
Beach Info
City Hall
Community Redevelopment Agency (CRA)
Employee Login
Police Reports
Public Records
Riverfront Shops of Daytona Beach
Visit Daytona
Helpful Links
Accessibility
Business Impact Estimates
Contact Us
Copyright Notices
Home
Site Map
Website Feedback
Government Websites by CivicPlus®