Loading

Skip to Main Content

Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

Website Sign In
GOVERNMENT
DEPARTMENTS
BUSINESS
COMMUNITY
HOW DO I...?
Search
HomeGovernmentLegislative Priorities
LEGISLATIVE PRIORITIES
Daytona Beach Legislative Priorities for 2025
State Priorities
Support City of Daytona Beach request for funding to support the City's initiative to install backup power generators at the City's sanitary sewer system lift stations. Of the system's 178 lift stations, 87 do not have backup power. Power failures at lift stations cause backup of the sewer system into residences, businesses, and into streets.                                
Since beginning this initiative the City has invested $1,564,000 and has received $750,000 in grant funds from Florida Department of Environmental Protection. An estimated $4,885,000 is needed to complete this initiative.
The City is requesting $1,982,650 for next phase of generator installation and will support this request with a City supporting match up to $1,000,000. This would allow installation of 22 backup generators at strategically identified lift stations.
Support for request for funding for construction of a Police Department gun range training facility. Amount requested is $1,500,000. City will support with up to 50% match.
Support allowing use of permits and license funds to be utilized for growth related services and infrastructure. 
Support funding for projects that will contribute to reduced flooding and flooding impacts.
Support funding for affordable and workforce housing.
Support funding for Florida Department of Transportation projects in the Daytona Beach area including the 1-95/LPGA interchange project, replacement of the LPGA Blvd/Tomoka River bridge, and improvement projects such as A1A, Mason Avenue, East International Speedway Blvd, Seabreeze and Oakridge.
Support funding for infrastructure projects that improve water quality and contribute to aquifer recharge.
Support preservation of local government home rule authority.
Support for Daytona Beach institutions and agency requests that enhance the community quality of life and stimulate economic development.
Property Insurance Affordability 
Condo Requirements and High Assessments (for structural reports and reserve funding)
Additional Funding for Domestic Abuse facilities and programs 
Funding/incentives for psychiatrists to help persons with substance abuse and mental health issues.
Support agency programs that provide assistance to local government in the areas of homelessness, economic development, historic preservation, coastal resilience, and transportation infrastructure.
Support for local government regulatory for short-term rentals. 
Support revisions to Live Local Legislation to reduce financial impact to local governments and to restore local government regulatory authority for development.
Oppose unfunded mandates.
Federal Priorities
Provide support for the implementation of the Army Corps of Engineers flood mitigation study.
Support funding for projects identified in the City’s flooding and drainage mitigation master plan.
Support programs that make investments in local resilience and mitigation efforts and preserve coastal ecosystems.
Support funding programs that assist local governments with providing affordable and workforce housing.
Support funding for homeless initiatives.
Support funding for local transportation and streetscape projects.
Support public safety programs and grants that assist local governments and their agencies with acquiring personnel, equipment, and technology such as the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS), Byrne Discretionary and Firefighter Assistance grant programs.
Support programs that provide assistance to local neighborhood stabilization and redevelopment activities.
Support programs that assist local governments by providing economic incentives for both existing businesses and economic development projects.
Support programs that provide assistance to low-income residents, qualifying businesses, and local services such as libraries and schools, for purchasing “connected devices” like laptops and tablets as well as modems, routers and wi-fi hotspots.
Support funding for beach renourishment.
Agendas & Minutes
Boards & Committees
Budget
City Commission
City Hall Information
Code of Ordinances
Elections
Land Development Code
Legislative Priorities
Mayor's Welcome
Staff Directory
Vision Plan
DBTV
JOBS
REPORT
A CONCERN
AGENDAS, MINUTES & ARCHIVED VIDEOS
PAY UTILITY BILL
ACTIVITY
REGISTRATION & FACILITY RENTALS
WATCH DBTV LIVE
NOTIFY ME
Contact Us
City Hall
301 S. Ridgewood Avenue
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Phone: 386-671-8400

Custodian of Public Records
Letitia LaMagna, City Clerk
301 S. Ridgewood Ave., Room 210
Daytona Beach, FL 32114
Phone: 386-671-8023
Email the City Clerk

City Hall Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 5 PM

Permits & Licensing Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 4 PM

Utility Billing Hours
Monday through Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM

Quick Links
Beach Info
City Hall
Community Redevelopment Agency (CRA)
Employee Login
Police Reports
Public Records
Riverfront Shops of Daytona Beach
Visit Daytona
Helpful Links
Accessibility
Business Impact Estimates
Contact Us
Copyright Notices
Home
Site Map
Website Feedback
Government Websites by CivicPlus®
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy
BESbswy